# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.

In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model (Logistic Regression). To find the optimal hyperparameters for the Logistic Regression model, we use AzureML's HyperDrive which helps use perform a hyperparameter search. In other words, we train many models on our training data to see how the hyperparameters have an effect on performance and find the best hyperparameters.

This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data regarding direct marketing campaigns (phone calls) of a Portuguese banking institution. The classification goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a term deposit. Dataset can be found here: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing.

The HyperDrive model had an accuracy of 0.9112, while **the best AutoML model (VotingEnsemble) had an accuracy of 0.9166**. Therefore, the **AutoML model performed slightly better** than the Logistic Regression model trained with HyperDrive.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explanation of the pipeline architecture:**





**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
